Added ChaosCenter upgrade docs (#100)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: website/versioned_docs/version-2.0.0/user-guides/upgrade.md

---
id: upgrade
title: Upgrade Litmus ChaosCenter to Latest Version
sidebar_label: Upgrade
---

---

To upgrade Litmus ChaosCenter from 2.0.0-Beta9 to 2.0.0, you can follow these steps:

> 1. ## Control Plane Upgrade

Reviewer: Are we sure about `set image` - this will not take into account any rbac changes. Apply of manifest is better?

Author: Shall we add this @rajdas98 ?

Reviewer 2: Reapply would be good then

    With this approach, the ChaosCenter components will get upgrade via helm. This step updates the frontend, server and mongo image. This can be done using the following commands: 

    ```
    kubectl set image
    ```

    ```
    kubectl set env VERSION=“2.0.0”
    ```

2. ## Agent Plane Upgrade

>     With this approach, all the ChaosAgents connected with ChaosCenter should be upgraded manually with [Litmusctl](../litmusctl/installation).

Reviewer: I suppose we need a `disconnect ` operation from the chaos center, and following that a removal of the other deployments and cm (disconnect doesn't remove other components by itself today)

This should be followed by the litmusctl connect again if I am not wrong @gdsoumya ?

Author: Sure, will add the `disconnect` step.

Reviewer 2: @ksatchit disconnect from the portal is like deleting subscriber and agent-config cm. We can do it manually or from the portal.

    To do this, delete the `agent-config` and `subscriber` deployment. Once this is done, the ChaosAgents can be re-installed using [Litmusctl](../litmusctl/installation)

> :::note

Reviewer: I suppose this should be a separate section itself -- upgrade upon DB schema changes. More than a note.

Author: Sure, updating the same.

---
id: upgrade
title: Upgrade Litmus ChaosCenter to Latest Version
sidebar_label: Upgrade
---

---

## Upgrade ChaosCenter

To upgrade Litmus ChaosCenter from 2.0.0-Beta9 to 2.0.0, you can follow these steps:

1.  ## Control Plane Upgrade
    To upgrade ChaosCenter with this approach, you can re-apply the 2.0.0 manifest: 

    ```
    kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/litmuschaos/litmus/2.0.0/docs/2.0.0/litmus-2.0.0.yaml
    ```

> 2.  ## Agent Plane Upgrade
>     With this approach, all the ChaosAgents connected with ChaosCenter should be upgraded manually with [Litmusctl](../litmusctl/installation).
> 
>     To do this, `disconnect` the ChaosAgent from ChaosCenter.
> 
>     <img src={require('../assets/disconnect-image.png').default} width="800" />
>     
>     After that delete the `agent-config` and `subscriber` deployment. Once this is done, the ChaosAgents can be re-installed using [Litmusctl](../litmusctl/installation)
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2.  ## Agent Plane Upgrade
    With this approach, all the ChaosAgents connected with ChaosCenter should be upgraded manually with [Litmusctl](../litmusctl/installation).

    To do this, `disconnect` the ChaosAgent from ChaosCenter.

    <img src={require('../assets/disconnect-image.png').default} width="800" />
    
    Or,
    
    delete the `agent-config` configmap and `subscriber` deployment in that namespace
    
    Once this is done, the ChaosAgents can be re-installed using [Litmusctl](../litmusctl/installation)

```
